Add link to Codec Server Protocol (#1864)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/security/how-to-set-up-codec-server.md

### Run the server

> A Codec Server is an HTTP server that follows [this protocol](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/main/codec-server#codec-server-protocol). It implements two endpoints:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Codec Server is an HTTP server that follows the Temporal [Codec Server Protocol](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/main/codec-server#codec-server-protocol).
It implements two endpoints:
```
Changed link text to match target, per https://developers.google.com/style/link-text#structure-link-text.

Author: Dunno, maybe it should be changed to [here](https://twitter.com/dailmageejr/status/1613325603595505666?s=46&t=7CC01XA6eei5ycae7dS5PQ)
